1. SSH:
   Secure Shell (SSH) is a network protocol that allows data to be exchanged over a secure channel between two computers. 
   Encryption provides confidentiality and integrity of data. This allows a user to run commands on a machine's command prompt without 
   them being physically present near the machine. It also allows a user to establish a secure channel over an insecure network in 
   a client-server architecture, connecting an SSH client application with an SSH server.

   I downloaded openSSH for windows.
   cd into the openSSH directory on my laptop.
   Ran the command : "ssh -p 22 kabi2104@play4changes.com".
   It connected to the server "play4changes.com" and permanently added 'play4changes.com,192.186.192.37' to the list of known hosts.
   
   Showed a screenshot.

2. chmod:
   It is the short form for 'change mode'. chmod is a command for changing permissions on files and directories.
   It is used only in servers with a Unix-like operating system, such as Linux. 
   Unix systems come with a file control mechanism to determine who can access a particular file or
   folder and what actions they can do to it. There are two parts to the file control mechanism, namely Classes and Permissions.
   Classes determines who can access the file while the Permissions determines the kind of action the user can do to the file.
   There are three Classes – Owner, Group, Others(general public).
   
   for example, take the command:
   chmod 766 readme.txt
   
   the first digit corresponds to the owner of the file
   the second digit corresponds to the file's group
   the final digit corresponds to everybody else.
   
   There are eight digits that can be used in the mode parameter.
   0 - Deny all
   1 - Execute Only
   2 - Write Only
   3 - Execute + Write
   4 - Read Only
   5 - Read + Execute
   6 - Read + Write
   7 - Read + Write + Execute
   Hence, in the above example, the user has permissions to read, write and execute. File's group and general public have permissions 
   to read and write only.
   
   403 request:
   It's also known as 'Forbidden error'. A web server may return a 403 Forbidden HTTP status code in response to a request from a client 
   for a web page. The 403 Forbidden error is an HTTP status code that means that accessing the page or resource you were trying to 
   reach is absolutely forbidden for some reason.

   The reasons may be the following:
   403.1 - Execute access forbidden.
   403.2 - Read access forbidden.
   403.3 - Write access forbidden.
   403.4 - SSL required.
   403.5 - SSL 128 required.
   403.6 - IP address rejected.
   403.7 - Client certificate required.
   403.8 - Site access denied.
   403.9 - Forbidden: Too many clients are trying to connect to the web server.
   403.10 - Forbidden: web server is configured to deny Execute access.
   403.11 - Forbidden: Password has been changed.
   403.12 - Mapper denied access.
   403.13 - Client certificate revoked.
   403.14 - Directory listing denied.
   403.15 - Forbidden: Client access licenses have exceeded limits on the web server.
   403.16 - Client certificate is untrusted or invalid.
   403.17 - Client certificate has expired or is not yet valid.
   403.18 - Cannot execute requested URL in the current application pool.
   403.19 - Cannot execute CGI applications for the client in this application pool.
   403.20 - Forbidden: Passport logon failed.
   403.21 - Forbidden: Source access denied.
   403.22 - Forbidden: Infinite depth is denied.
   403.502 - Forbidden: Too many requests from the same client IP; Dynamic IP Restriction limit reached.
   
   500 error:
   Most of the times, this error is displayed in the following way:
   "The server encountered an unexpected condition that prevented it from fulfilling the request by the client".
   Put simply, the 500 error is a "server-side" error.
   That means that there is something wrong with the server who is hosting the website. It is an extremely general error usually 
   caused by configuration issues with the websites programming, PHP or system permissions.
   
   302 response code:
   A status code of 302 tells a client that the resource they asked for has temporarily moved to a new location. The response should 
   also include this location. It tells the client that it should carry on using the same URL to access this resource.
   
   Any client or the browser goes through the following cycle when it communicates with the Web server:
   1)Obtain an IP address from the URL name of the site. This conversion of IP name to IP address is provided by domain name servers (DNSs).
   2)Open an IP socket connection to that IP address.
   3)Write an HTTP data stream through that socket.
   4)Receive an HTTP data stream back from the Web server in response. This data stream contains status codes whose values are determined 
   by the HTTP protocol. Parse this data stream for status codes and other useful information.
   This error occurs in the final step above when the client receives an HTTP status code that it recognises as '302'.
   
   200 response code:
   The 200 status code is by far the most common returned. It means, simply, that the request was received and understood and is being processed.
   It's a standard respnse for successful HTTP requests. The information returned with the response is dependent on the method used in the request.
   In a GET request, the response will contain an entity corresponding to the requested resource. In a POST request, the response will 
   contain an entity describing or containing the result of the action.

3. O/P of alert_a():
   Hello World
   
   O/P of alert_b():
   World

4. Ports:
   HTTP: 80
   HTPPS: 443
   SSH: 22

5. a)How to remove(uninstall) windows:
   I have just one Windows operating system installed, which makes the uninstallation all the more simple. I just have to take the 
   installation disc of the operating system I want to use next, boot from it and, during the installation procedure, select the existing 
   Windows partition and format it or delete it. Then, reuse that partition (or available empty space) and install the new operating system.

   b)How to install Linux using USB or liveCDs:
   All you need is a a flash drive free utility called UNetbootin. You can run the app from the Windows, or as a matter of fact, any OS.
   Important thing to keep in mind is that, many linux-based operating systems allow us to run the OS from a live CD or USB flash drive.
   'UNetbootin' makes it possible to convert most Linux distros that offer LiveCD enviroments into a LiveUSB that offers the same feature.
   (Unetbootin allows us to create bootable Live USB drives for Ubuntu, Fedora, and other Linux distributions without burning a CD. 
   It runs on Windows, Linux, and Mac OS X. We can either let UNetbootin download one of the many distributions supported for us, or 
   supply our own Linux '.iso' file if we've already downloaded one or when our preferred distribution isn't on the list.)
   
   All we need to do is the following:
   Download UNetbootin to your computer.
   
   We can then download many Linux-based operating systems directly from the UNetbootin interface, including Ubuntu, Debian, Fedora, Mandriva,
   openSUSE, or Linux Mint. We can also download an ISO file for any of these operating systems and use the tool to copy the files to our USB.
   
   There's nothing to install. We just have to run the application.
   
   We just have to browse to find the disc image file downloaded and click the OK button. Before that, we have to make sure that the drive type
   is 'USB drive' and the appropriate drive is chosen, which in our case is the USB or the CD.
   
   Once we click on OK, the Unetbootin will prepare our disc. The app will first download files, then extract them and copy them to 
   our flash drive, prepare the bootloarder, and then let us know when the process is finished. It will then give us an option to reboot then
   or exit the app.
   
   We can now close the app and remove the flash drive.
   
   We then have to plug the USB to the PC in which we want to use linux on and power on the computer before which we have to make sure 
   that the computer can boot from a USB flash drive.
   
   We will then be given options of Boot devices from which we can choose 'Removable device'(USB). It will the boot it with the linux with 
   the distribution we chose. :)

   c)How to disable secure boot and install linux:
   By default, the machine’s UEFI firmware will only boot boot loaders signed by a key embedded in the UEFI firmware. This feature is
   known as "Secure Boot" or "Trusted Boot". With secure boot,  the computer will only boot trusted software, so malicious boot loaders
   won’t be able to infect the system.
   We can control Secure Boot from our UEFI Firmware Settings screen. To access this screen, we'll need to access the boot options
   menu in Windows 8. To do this, we need to open the Settings charm — click the Power button, then press and hold the Shift key as
   we click Restart. Our computer will restart into the advanced boot options screen. Then, we have to do the following:
   Select the Troubleshoot option,
   select Advanced options,
   and then select UEFI Settings.
   We'll be taken to the UEFI Settings screen, where you can choose to disable Secure Boot.
   Thus, disabling secure boot will give our PC, the ability to boot anything, which in our case, is linux.

   d)How to migrate from windows to Linux:
   We have many options to do so. We can either dual boot our computer or, we can also do this:
   Download Ubuntu, create a bootable CD/DVD or a bootable USB flash drive. Boot form whichever one we create, and once we get to
   the installation type screen, we choose replace Windows with Ubuntu.
   (We can do either do a) or b)).

6. Proxy:
   In computer networks, a proxy server is a server that acts as an intermediary for requests from clients seeking resources from other 
   servers. A client connects to the proxy server, requesting some service, such as a file, connection, web page, or other resource 
   available from a different server and the proxy server evaluates the request as a way to simplify and control its complexity.
   For example, let's look into how wi-fi works.
   Our wifi is a network. Certain devices are connected to that network. But the internet is the "outside" world. And the router/modem is
   the link between this outside world and the inside world. When we type google com in our browser, the browser makes an HTTP request
   to the router, which acts as a proxy between google and you.So, it forwards all the requests it gets from our pc, to google.com,
   google.com replies back to the router, and the router then replies to us.
   
   Reverse proxy:
   A reverse proxy (or surrogate) is a proxy server that appears to clients to be an ordinary(original) server. Requests are forwarded 
   to one or more proxy servers which handle the request. The response from the proxy server is returned as if it came directly from the
   proxy server, leaving the client no knowledge of the origin servers. Reverse proxies are installed in the neighbourhood of one or
   more web servers. All traffic coming from the Internet and with a destination of one of the neighborhood's web servers goes through 
   the proxy server. While a forward proxy acts as an intermediary for its associated clients to contact any server, a reverse proxy 
   acts as an intermediary for its associated servers to be contacted by any client.

